v4 with Object Store support, HTTP compression, and more (#6)
fastly/compute-js-static-publish: README.md

## New! Version 4

Version 4 of this tool has some awesome new features:
  - Support for optionally serving files from Fastly's [Object Store](https://www.fastly.com/blog/introducing-the-compute-edge-object-store-global-persistent-storage-for-compute-functions) instead of bundling them into the Wasm module. See [Object Store](#object-store) below for more information.
  - Your scaffolded application no longer uses a bundler by default, making the use of Webpack optional
  - Brotli and Gzip compression
  - Support for returning `304 Not Modified` status based on `If-None-Match` and `If-Modified-Since` request headers
  - `PublisherServer` class to map incoming requests to asset paths
  - Ability to include files in the publishing that won't necessarily be served by `PublisherServer`. The content of these files are available to your application and may be useful for reading data written by third-party tools, etc.
  - Makes content and metadata available to your application, giving your applications access to their content by their pre-package path/file
  - Even load JavaScript files as code into your Compute@Edge JavaScript application

> If you wish to update to this version, you may need to re-scaffold your application, or follow the migrations steps outlined in [MIGRATING.md](./MIGRATING.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you wish to update to this version, you may need to re-scaffold your application, or follow the steps outlined in [MIGRATING.md](./MIGRATING.md).
```

| `spaFile`          | `null`             | Asset key of a content item to serve with a status code of `200` when a GET request comes arrives for an unknown asset, and the Accept header includes text/html.                                                                    |
| `notFoundPageFile` | `null`             | Asset key of a content item to serve with a status code of `404` when a GET request comes arrives for an unknown asset, and the Accept header includes text/html.                                                                    |

For `staticItems`:
* Items that contain asterisks are interpreted as glob patterns (for example, `/public/static/**/*.js`)
* Items that end with a trailing slash are interpreted as a directory name.
* Items that don't contain asterisks and that do not end in slash are checked for exact match.

For `compression`, the following values are allowed:
* `'br'` - Brotli
* `'gzip'` - Gzip

## Using the Object Store (BETA) <a name="object-store"></a>

> Starting v4, it's now possible to upload assets to and serve them from the Fastly Object Store.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with v4, it's now possible to upload assets to and serve them from a [Fastly Object Store](https://www.fastly.com/blog/introducing-the-compute-edge-object-store-global-persistent-storage-for-compute-functions).
```

Fastly Object Store is currently part of a [beta release](https://docs.fastly.com/products/fastly-product-lifecycle#beta),
and to use it you will need to have the feature enabled for your account.

To enable the use of Object Store with `@fastly/compute-js-static-publish`, you will need to perform the following steps:

* Create a service on Fastly to host your Compute@Edge application. One way to do this would be to simply run `fastly
compute publish` your application.

* Create an Object Store under your Fastly account. At the moment you need to use the Fastly CLI. Once the Object Store

> is created, it must be linked to your Fastly service using the Resources API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is created, it must be linked to your Fastly service using the [Resource API](https://developer.fastly.com/reference/api/services/resource/#create-resource).
```

```shell
# Create an object store
$ curl -i -X POST "https://api.fastly.com/resources/stores/object" -H "Fastly-Key: YOUR_FASTLY_TOKEN" -H "Content-Type: application/json" -H "Accept: application/json" -d '{"name":"example-store"}'

# Link the object store to a service
$ curl -i -X POST "https://api.fastly.com/service/YOUR_FASTLY_SERVICE_ID/version/YOUR_FASTLY_SERVICE_VERSION/resource" -H "Fastly-Key: YOUR_FASTLY_TOKEN" -H "Content-Type: application/x-www-form-urlencoded" -H "Accept: application/json" -d "name=example-store-service-a&resource_id=YOUR_OBJECT_STORE_ID"
```

Object Store API: https://developer.fastly.com/reference/cli/object-store/create/

> Resources API: https://developer.fastly.com/reference/api/services/resource/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Resource API: https://developer.fastly.com/reference/api/services/resource/
```

> * Once the object store is created and linked to your service, add the Object Store's name to your `static-publish.rc.js`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Once the Object Store is created and linked to your service, add its name to your `static-publish.rc.js`
```

  If you do not provide a function, then no module assets will be included in this publishing.

* `contentTypes` - Provide custom content types and/or override them.

  This tool comes with a set of default content types defined for many common file extensions. This list can be used to
  add to and/or override items in the default list.

  Content type definitions are checked in the provided order, and if none of them match, the default content types are
  tested afterwards.

  Provide these as an array of content type definition objects, each with the following keys and values:
  * `test` - a RegExp or function to perform on the asset key. If the test succeeds, then the content asset is considered
    to be of this content type definition.
  * `contentType` - The content type header to apply when serving an asset of this content type definition.
  * `text` - If `true`, this content type definition is considered to contain textual data. This makes `.text()` and `.json()`
    available for calling on store entries. If not specified, this is treated as `false`.

  > Note that content types are tested at publishing time, not at runtime.

> * `server` - Configuration of `PublisherServer()`.  See the [Configuring PublisherServer](#configuring-publisherserver) section

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `server` - [Configuration of `PublisherServer()`](#configuring-publisherserver).  
```

  above.

### Running custom code alongside Publisher Server

The generated `./src/index.js` program instantiates the server and simply asks it to respond to a request.

You are free to add code to this file.

For example, if the server is unable to formulate a response to the request, then it returns `null`. You may add your
own code to handle these cases, such as to provide custom responses.

```js
import { getServer } from './statics.js';
const server = getServer();

addEventListener("fetch", (event) => event.respondWith(handleRequest(event)));
async function handleRequest(event) {

  const response = await server.serveRequest(event.request);
  if (response != null) {
    return response;
  }
  
  // Do custom things here!

  return new Response('Not found', { status: 404 });
}
```

### Using published assets in your own application

Publishing, as described earlier, is the process of preparing files for inclusion into your application.
This process also makes metadata available about each of the files that are included, such as its content type, the last
modified date, the file hash, and so on.

> The `PublisherServer` class that is used by the default scaffolded application is one simple application of this content

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [`PublisherServer` class](#publisherserver) used by the default scaffolded application is a simple application of this content
```

config file](#static-publish-rc) for more details.

`/module/hello.js`
```js
export function hello() {
  console.log('Hello, World!');
}
```

```js
import { moduleAssets } from './statics';

// Obtain a module asset named '/module/hello.js'
const asset = contentAssets.getAsset('/module/hello.js');

// Load the module
const helloModule = await asset.getModule();

helloModule.hello(); // Will print "Hello, World!"
```

#### Metadata

In some use cases, you may have a use case where you need to know about the files that were included during publishing,
but not in the context of Compute@Edge. (e.g., a tool that runs in Node.js that performs some maintenance task on assets).

You cannot import `./statics.js` from a Node.js application, as it holds dependencies on Compute@Edge.

Instead, you can import `./statics-metadata.js`, a companion file that is generated in the same directory. This file
exposes plain JavaScript objects that contain the metadata about your content assets that were included in the final
publishing event.

See the definition of `ContentAssetMetadataMapEntry` in the [`types/content-assets` file](./src/types/content-assets.ts) for more details.

### Using Webpack

> As of v4, Webpack is no longer required, and by default is no longer part of the default scaffolded application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of v4, Webpack is no longer required, and by default is no longer part of the default scaffolded application.
```
```suggestion
As of v4, Webpack is no longer required, and is no longer part of the default scaffolded application.
```

> If you wish to use some features of Webpack, you can elect to include Webpack in your generated application by specifying

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you wish to use some features of Webpack, you may include Webpack in your generated application by specifying
```
